[upbeat rock music]
- Oof.
- Sheesh.
- Not good.
- What's not good?
- The toppings. You loaded it
with all the heavy ones.
- You got pound cake.
It's right in the name!
- Next time, Britt,
go with the lighter,
more affordable toppings.
Like sprinkles or nut dust.
- Got it.
- Next.
Oh, hey, guys.
Welcome to Fro-Yo You Didn't.
Oh, fro-yo you did.
We haven't had
a pound caker in months.
That'll be $32.
- Tried to warn you.
- I know it's chockers,
but we don't have
all these fancy toppings
where I'm from.
I'm just used to getting
plain mangosteen.
- Whatever you just said,
please say it again.
- Mangosteen?
- What's wrong with Natalie?
- She's never twirled
her hair like that before.
- Or smiled.
- So, $32?
- Forget it. It's on the house.
I'm a sucker for accents.
- Good on ya.
- We're from Australia, too.
- Yeah, what do we
owe you, mate?
- Mangosteen.
- Not happening.
- Yeah, yeah,
nice accent, Dawn.
- Can't blame her for trying.
- I'm in such a good mood,
yours are on the house, too.
- Wow.
- Thanks.
- Awesome.
- Looks like someone
just got Britted.
- Yeah, she was
totally flirting.
- I'm flattered, but I've
already got my eye
on another girl.
- So who is she?
- Ooh, I bet that's who
you're always drawing
in your sketch book.
- I'd rather not say.
I don't wanna jinx it.
She doesn't know yet.
[together] Ooh!
- You know what I wanna
"ooh" about?
This yogurt.
It's really good.
- Hm, yeah. I could
get used to this.
We've never gotten
free fro-yo before.
- You're awesome.
Everywhere we go,
people just wanna
give you free stuff.
- Oh, come on, guys.
It doesn't happen that often.
- Here's some more toppings.
The heavy ones. Shh.
- See, Britt? Things just
fall in your lap.
- Yeah, but never, ever
in ours.
[gasps]
- Uh!
- Cold! Cold!
- Yep, that had
some pound cake in it.
[laughter]
[upbeat music]
- ♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na,
na, na, na, na, na ♪
[whistling]
♪ ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪
- ♪ Hey! ♪
♪ One, two ♪
- ♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪
- ♪ One, two, three, four! ♪
[cheerful music]
- It really is
amazing to watch.
Britt just talks
and people hand him free stuff.
- So I guess your phones
are broken, huh?
- No, why?
- 'Cause you didn't call me
to come down here
and get all this free stuff.
- Don't worry.
We'll go back later.
- Can't wait to see what else
he can get us for free.
- Oh, no, boys,
you should be
friends with Britt
for who he is,
not for what
he can do for you.
- Listen to your mother, boys.
It's not right
to use people like that.
- Now back to work, Britt.
- Yep.
- Sure thing.
- [laughs]
- Sale on skates! Prices down
under what you'd expect.
Why walkabout
when you can rollabout?
- Oh, look at 'em go.
Ahh!
Do as we say, not as we do.
- Right.
[upbeat music]
- Okay, we've got corn dogs,
soy candles and splat balls.
Anything else you wanna add
to the stuff we want
Britt to get us for free list?
- Ooh, maybe tickets
to something
- Poetry on Ice!
- Foodie Fest!
- I'll go with you
if you go with me.
- Hey, is that Dawn and Britt?
- You don't have
to change the subject.
I get it, you don't wanna go.
- No, seriously.
They're right over there.
And yes, who would
wanna go to that?
- Is she getting free stuff
without us?
- Hey! I want a--
A locket?
Yeah, I'm comfortable
with that.
- That's weird.
- Why would she hang out with
Britt without telling us?
- I know what this is.
This is a house crush.
- A what?
It's when two people
under one roof
develop feelings
for each other.
I see it all the time
in my favorite reality show,
"12 People, One Toilet."
Do I need to explain more?
- Uh, yes.
- Most of the action happens
while they're waiting
in line for the toilet.
Tensions mount, sparks fly
and romance ensues.
A house crush.
- Oh.
A house crush, of course.
- Now you get it!
- No.
That's reality TV
This is real.
They're clearly not
in a house crush.
I hope your right,
because if they are,
and Mom and Dad find out,
they're gonna
send him back to
Australia.
- So, you guys find
a flavor you like yet?
- Oh, we're still sampling.
- Is that so?
- Thanks for helping me
pick out the locket.
I'm giving her this and the
sketch I've been working on.
- [scoffs] So you're still not
gonna tell me
who this mystery girl is, huh?
- As soon as she knows,
you'll know.
- Fair enough. Ooh! Let's hit
the makeup counter.
- I thought you said you didn't
have any more money
- Psh, who needs money
when I have
my Australian Express card?
- It's fro-yo, not free-yo.
[upbeat music]
- Six lip glosses?
Seven eyeliners?
A year's supply of mascara?
- Yep and all for free.
- And at what point
did your phone break?
- It didn't. Why?
- Because you didn't call me
to come down and get
all this free stuff.
Uh, sorry, but Britt wanted it
to be just us.
He asked me to help him
pick out a necklace
for a special girl.
- Ooh! Who is she?
- I don't know.
He doesn't want anyone
to know who she is yet.
But he said I'll know
when she knows.
- Oh. Well, I know right now.
- How can you know?
- Because it's obviously you!
You're the special girl.
- What? Britt and me?
Come on, we live
in the same house.
He's my foreign exchange
brother.
- Have you seen
"12 People, One Toilet"?
Tensions mount, sparks fly,
romance ensues.
- Yeah, well, nothing's
ensuing here.
- Mm-hmm.
[upbeat rock music]
- You know, I feel bad
about earlier.
Tell me more
about poetry on ice.
- Okay, so for
the first three hours we--
- And I'm out.
- Hey, look. There's Britt.
Maybe we can get to the bottom
of this whole
house crush thing.
- There is no house crush
thing.
- Then who's he smiling at with
that dumb look on his face?
- If it were Dawn,
why wouldn't he just
talk to her face-to-face?
- Because then everyone
would know he's in
a house crush.
You really have to
watch this show.
- You know, I wish we could
talk face-to-face.
But with our situation,
this is the way it has to be.
- I told you. Face-to-face.
Tensions mounting.
Sparks flying!
- Ow and shh!
- No, you're the cutest.
No, you are.
- Romance ensues.
- Ow!
- Mm-hmm.
- Mae, you've been
"mm-hmming" at me
for 20 minutes now.
He doesn't like me.
- Mm-hmm.
Sorry, I've been
eating peanut butter.
And I was trying to tell you
that my mouth was stuck.
But about the whole
Britt not liking you part,
mm-hmm.
- Mae, seriously,
you've been watching
way too much reality TV.
- Well, there's only one way
to solve this.
You said he's always
drawing portraits of this girl
so we can look
in his sketch book.
- He doesn't want anyone
to look at it.
He's very private.
- If he didn't want
anyone to look at it,
would he have left it
sitting out here
on the coffee table?
- He didn't.
You went up in his room,
got it and put it there.
- Mm-hmm.
- Hold on. We can't be sure
Britt's talking to Dawn.
We need to get eyes on this.
- You're right. Let's move.
- Thanks for the lap.
- And the fries.
- See? It's not Dawn.
- Ow. What do you mean?
It's clearly her in a wig.
- That hair color
totally works on you.
- Hey! Stop hitting me.
- No, you stop hitting me.
- No!
- [struggling]
- I wish you could be here
with me in America, Debra.
- I'm telling you, it's just
like season four, episode 12.
Sherril and Dave wore wigs so
they could keep their secret.
- [sighs] I can't believe
I'm saying this
but I think you're right.
It is Dawn
- It is me.
both: Told ya.
- ♪ La, la, la, la, la, la
la, la, la, la, la ♪
- This is bad.
If my parents find out
that Britt has a crush on me,
it's see ya,
wouldn't wallaby ya.
- No Britt, no more free stuff.
- No more lip gloss,
nail polish, mascara.
- Soy candles, splat balls,
all gone!
- But it's not
all about the stuff.
You'd be losing a friend,
right?
- Uh--yeah, I mean,
didn't you hear me?
I said friend gloss,
nail palish
and I mascare about Britt.
- We need to figure out a way
to crush this house crush
before it crushes us.
- Yeah, but we just
need to talk to him.
- Maybe I need to talk to him.
both: Bad idea.
- On "T-POT"--
"12 People, One Toilet"--
Dave was crushing
hard on Sherril.
But when Sherril went to tell
him it was bad for the house,
it only made Dave crush harder.
- And eventually, Sherril
couldn't resist Dave's charms.
Once the housemates
got wind of it,
they tried to talk
to Sherril and Dave.
- But the minute they knew
their crush was forbidden,
it only pushed them
closer together.
- Well, no one's
pushing us together
because I'm gonna
push him away.
- Okay, if we can't talk
to him about his house crush,
what do we do?
- Research.
There's gotta be a book
on house crushes.
- To the book store!
- How is it that the book store
has no books on house crushes?
- And how is their café
out of cake pops?
- [scoffs]
Sharing a small. Sad.
- Just ring us up.
- Nice nut dust.
That'll be $4.37.
- We've only got four.
- Well, then,
you've got 37 cents
worth of not my problem.
Keep going.
- How much is it now?
- $4.39.
- How could it have gone up?
- Spittle.
Here, let me
take care of it for you.
- Oh.
Wha--
- There. Now it's $4.
Bink.
You know, if you'd brought
your cute Australian friend,
this all could've been
on the house.
- Well, then, we should
get used to paying
'cause Britt's as good as gone.
- What? Why? How? When? Where?
- Soon. He's in the middle of a
serious house crush with Dawn.
When our parents find out,
he'll be sent home.
- Oh, that's nothing.
It'll be over before your
parents find out anyway.
- How do you know?
- [sighs] I see a lot
working here.
And trust me, at this age,
relationships are like
fro-yo.
Neither is as satisfying
as ice cream.
Point is, you've got
nothing to worry about,
as long as they don't advance
to the old,
boring couple stage.
Wearing sweat pants,
mall walking,
and talking about the weird
noises their bodies are making.
Basically, people
who have given up.
Like them.
- Is that your knee
making that noise, Tom?
- I was hoping
it was yours, Anne.
- That was horrifying.
- Once a couple
gets to that stage,
their love is too strong and
there's no breaking them up.
- This is great.
Dawn and Britt
are nowhere near
the giving up stage.
- How do I look?
- Like you've given up.
- Perfect.
Gimme my mouth guard
and fire up the big guns.
- I'm surprised Dicky didn't
take his fart machine
with him to Australia.
- Oh, he packed his good one.
This one doesn't go to wet.
Time to gross this guy out.
- Oh, hi, Nicky.
- No, it's me...Dawn.
- Oh, sorry. Nicky has
the same bedtime routine.
- So, what do you think
of your special someone now?
- [sighs] She's the best.
A real beauty.
- Well, you know what else
I like to do before bed?
Just let my body release all
the impurities from the day.
[fart machine malfunctions]
[grunts]
[laughs] See, I'm
lettin' myself go!
Yeah, just let it all out.
Here we go, right now.
[laughs]
[farting sound]
Ooh, ah, jeez.
Oh, ooh.
[farts]
Sorry, that one
just slipped out.
[farts]
Oof! [laughs, farts]
Stressful day.
Oh. [farts]
Sorry, that one
is just a big one. [farts]
Ooh, it's, uh, spicy.
[farts]
[sighs]
[farting]
- You are going
to sleep very well.
- Yeah. [laughs]
[farts]
Sounds like something's
broken in there.
Wish I could just shut it off.
[farting]
You know what I mean?
Just press a button
and turn it off.
[farting]
[farting continues]
- [mouthing]
- Oh.
Ooh.
[farting]
Yeah. [laughs]
Yeah.
[farts]
[barks]
[farting sounds]
- That's his panic bark.
- What's wrong, Squish?
[farting]
Oh, wow.
[farts]
Oh, no. We're too late.
Sweat pants, body noises,
They've advanced
to the giving up stage.
This is bad!
- Yeah, tell me about it.
She used up my good
blemish salve.
- We have to take
drastic measures.
We need to get in there
and confront Britt and Dawn
right now.
[farting]
- Maybe we should
wait a bit.
[upbeat rock music]
[sniffing]
[barks]
That's the signal.
The coast is clear.
Nice job, Squish.
- Where are Dawn and Britt?
- Yeah.
[laptop chiming]
Looks like Dawn's right here,
calling Britt's video chat.
- Well, should we answer it?
- Of course we should
answer it.
We need to tell her
to stop this now.
Well, look who we have here.
- G'day, I'm looking for--
- Oh, we know who you're
looking for.
And you need to stop
looking for him
because this thing is over.
- Yeah, Dawn, this house crush
has gotten out of control.
- What--my name's not Dawn.
It's Debra.
And I have no idea
what a house crush is.
- It's when two people
who live under the same roof
fall in love.
- Fall in love?
- Yeah, and it was fun
while it lasted, huh, chicky?
- But now it's over, baby.
Time for you to quit Britt.
- Yeah, and your Australian
accent is terrible,
by the way, Dee-bra.
- Who's Dee-bra?
- You are--wait a minute.
♪ ♪
- ♪ La, la, la, la, la, la
la, la, la, la, la ♪
- So Britt's special someone
is a girl who lives
in Australia named Debra
who looks exactly like me.
- Those are the facts. Yes.
- And you thought it was me
and broke up with her.
- Also the facts. Yes.
- But we only broke up with her
because we thought
you and Britt were a couple.
- Why would you think that?
- Well, the sweat pants,
the blemish salve,
the farting--
it all points to couple.
- I was only doing that
because I was trying
to avoid being a couple.
- Hm. Well, then,
there's no house crush.
This is good news.
- There is no good news.
We just broke up
with Britt's girlfriend
before he got a chance
to ask her
to be his girlfriend.
- Britt's gonna hate us.
He's not gonna get sent back
to Australia.
He'll go there on his own.
- [sighs] You need to
call Debra back
and tell her it was
all a mistake.
- Great idea.
We should do that.
We can't do that.
She blocked him.
Now what do we do?
- Oh, I'm so glad
you're all down here.
- Britt!
- Hello!
- Everything's fine.
- I know I've been a bit
secretive the last few days
and I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
- We're not perfect either.
- You know, I've been nervous
about the girl I like.
But I think it's time
I tell you about her.
Her name is Debra.
- Really?
- Debra?
- That's a total surprise.
- She lives in Australia.
- Really?
- Australia?
- Also a surprise.
- By now she would've gotten
to look at
the portrait I sent her.
So tomorrow,
when we video chat,
I'm going to officially ask her
to be my girl!
- Really?
- Tomorrow?
- And the surprises just
keep on coming.
- I know! I can't wait
for tomorrow to get here.
- I don't think
he seemed that excited.
- He was exuberantly bounding.
- I saw it differently.
- Okay, unless we can
get in touch with Debra
and straighten things out,
we're gonna have to
fake that video chat.
- Well, how do we do that?
- Simple, we make
a fake Australia
in our back yard,
get a fake locket,
a fake portrait
and a fake Debra.
- Uh, where are we gonna
get a fake Debra?
- Someone call for
a fake Debra?
- What part of Australia
is Debra from?
New Jersey?
All right, so I've set up
Britt's computer
so when he gets the call,
it'll look like
it's coming from you.
- Perfect.
Everything's in place.
- Almost everything.
Miles, get in here.
- Why aren't you hopping?
- I agreed to wear the costume.
I agreed to let you put
sandwiches in my pouch.
I even agreed to wear
these boxing gloves.
But I will not hop.
- You drew the line
in a really weird place, Miles.
- Now can we have
our sandwiches?
- All right, fine.
Who had the Reuben?
- That's me.
[upbeat rock music]
- It's go time.
[laptop chiming]
- [gasps] Yes!
My Debra. Debra, uh, hi.
- [chuckles] G'day, mate!
- How's your day
going so far?
- So far, so g'day.
- Did you get my package?
- Ooh. I did.
They're gorgeous.
- I'm glad you like them
because I've been
meaning to ask you
Debra, would you--
Is that a kangaroo?
Carrying deli mustard?
- [laughs] Well, it is
a kangaroo crossing.
Am I right, mate?
[laughs]
So, uh, do you wanna
ask me something?
- Yes, I did.
I--I think there's
something wrong
with that kangaroo.
- Uh, nope.
That's normal for him.
He's just been depressed
'cause I won't
box him right now.
- Well, that makes me sad.
Go box him.
Cheer him up.
- Okay. [laughs]
I guess I'll just
go box him, then. [laughs]
[sighs]
- Don't do this, Dawn.
- Come on, we have to
make this look real.
So just go down.
- I'm not going down.
You go down.
- No, you go down.
- Uh! Ooh!
[grunts]
- Ohh!
- Will you excuse me
for one second?
[punching continues]
Psst, psst, Dawn!
Don't punch him in the pouch.
I've still got my egg salad
sandwich in there.
What'd I miss?
- It was amazing.
First punch,
right to the pouch.
- Will you excuse me
one more second?
- That's my Debra.
[knocking at door]
It's open.
- Britt?
- Wait.
It's also my Debra.
What's going on?
- That's what I came here
to ask you.
And why are you watching a boy
eating egg salad
out of a kangaroo's pouch?
♪ ♪
- It was an honest mistake.
There was a portrait
and the mystery girl.
- And, come on, it's--
it's the same face.
- Sorry, mate.
I don't see it.
- Even I see it.
- You know what I don't see?
Someone unzipping me.
Come on, guys.
I'm dying in here.
I mean, I--
I'd do it myself, but--
- But you look so cute and--
unzipping.
- Anyway, we're sorry.
We only acted selfishly
because we don't
want you to get sent back
to Australia.
We love having you here.
- Yeah, and not just
for the free stuff.
But also because we enjoy
having you
as a part of our family.
- Apology accepted.
I like you guys, too.
Even though you know nothing
about Australia.
- What? I thought we did
a pretty good job.
- A boxing kangaroo walking
around with deli mustard
and a New Jersey accent?
The only reason I bought it
was because
I thought it was Debra
trying to
make me break a laugh.
- I can't believe you flew
all the way over here.
- I already bought a ticket.
I had the feeling
he was gonna
ask me to be his girl.
So I wanted to surprise him.
- I'm glad you did.
- So I'm gonna start that--
- No, but that wasn't the--
- Do you see a kangaroo
and two Dawns?
- Yep.
- And smell egg salad?
- Wanna go back
to the mall?
- Yep.
♪ ♪
- ♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪
[whistling]
♪ ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
- ♪ Yeah! ♪
- ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
- ♪ Yeah! ♪